#summary Summary of changes made to the different releases
#labels Featured

= `CFPropertyList` Changelog =

This document presents the changes made to the different releases of `CFPropertyList`.

== CFPropertyList 1.1.1 ==

This release fixes a bug with parsing XML plist strings.

== CFPropertyList 1.1 ==

This release fixes an error with userland streams (since one can only read 8192 bytes at once from userland streams). We also implemented the feature of parsing plists from strings.

== CFPropertyList 1.0.6 ==

This release merges the patches provided by issue 7 (support streams as input for load and read functions by Hugo Wetterberg) and issue 8 (add support for Math_BigInteger to avoid compiled dependencies by Hugo Wetterberg). Also fixes a bug with parsing a binary plist file with a specific table size.

== CFPropertyList 1.0.5 ==

This release fixes issue 3 (default handling for NULL values in arrays) as well as issue 5 (handling strings of length 0 in binary plists).

== CFPropertyList 1.0.4 ==
This release fixes another UTF-8/UTF-16 bug and some spelling mistakes, an upgrade is strongly recommended.

== CFPropertyList 1.0.3 ==
This release fixed UTF-8/UTF-16 bugs and separated CFPropertyList::guess(), an upgrade is strongly recommended.
  * Added class `CFTypeDetector` as extensible replacement of CFPropertyList::guess()
  * Fixed UTF-8/UTF-16 bugs (thanks to Thomas Broquist)

== CFPropertyList 1.0.2 ==
This release only introduced new but secondary functionality.
  * Added [http://php.net/arrayaccess ArrayAccess] implementation (thanks to Sean Coates, who supplied the patch)

== CFPropertyList 1.0.1 ==
Since a severe bug has been fixed in this release, an upgrade is strongly recommended.
  * BigIntegerBug fixed
  * now also requiring either [http://php.net/bc BC] or [http://php.net/gmp GMP]

== CFPropertyList 1.0.0 ==
  * First official Release
  * requiring either [http://php.net/mbstring MBString] or [http://php.net/iconv Iconv]